1. The initial page displays 12 position panels in order of date (most recent first) with each position illustrating some data from the job listing, including the title, created time, location, company name and job description(only 3 lines).  The users can visit the official website by clicking the button 'Visit Website'.
2. If the users want to see more positions, they can click the button 'view all positions'.
3. Besides that, the users can filter the positions according to created time by clicking 'Within a month' or 'All'.
4. If the user clicks on a job listing, a window will slide into the screen from the right side, and displays the full details of the position, including the title, position id, created time, an application form, company name, location, type, and full job description.  There is a scroll bar on the right side of the window in case that the job description is too long.
5. When job details for a position are displayed, the user can ‘close’ the      description by clicking on a button 'close' at the top right of the display block.
6. There is an application form in the right window so that the users can use to apply for this job. 
7. After the users fill the forms, they can click the 'submit' button to submit the form to the URL route /apply. And then there will be a mask div shown in the   window in order to let the users know that they have submitted the form successfully, and it will also display some history submittion as well. Clicking the 'close' button, the users can go back to the homepage.
8. There is a search box in the page for the users to enter the job title to search  the list of positions.  If the keywords entered by the users are not found, it will tell the users that the word not found and ask them to try again.